ah what now this is what I know for
watching the TV show up that's what
jason blum you wrote us a song last week
in on the show we want you to sit in
your songs that you have written oh yeah
that's right hey by the way guys welcome
back to the show thank you so much for
joining us now boy do we have a treat in
store for you tell them about it okay
well this amazing Kiwi kid at the tender
age of seven years old is already one of
the finest hula-hoop artists in the
entire universe is right if you don't
believe me then check her out for
yourself here is America's Wilson
oh so beautiful let me look at you Oh
America's know you're seven years old
how long have you been holding for
faster since you were three when I was
good she was hella hoping while we were
learning to walk yeah actually I didn't
at Linda wolf I rolled everywhere my
phone even do their eyes it's crazy now
the cool thing is is that I'm America
she's actually admit this woman you
might have heard of it her name is Oprah
Winfrey what was that like she's nice
and I dr. Pratt around the whole day in
a woman that area she goes you see did
you say and here is americas well sir
it's mike is my Oprah and impersonation
is so amazing hate you know I are you
how many hold of lips have you got here
20 20 she made it look so easy did she
do you think that maybe I could give it
a go because you made it look so easy
i'm just gonna step in here what do you
think you got cold hold us okay okay
look guys I'm going to show you how easy
it is true she only needs a better
practice I America's yeah hey guys make
sure to check out americus antlered
circus let's give it up for America's
Wilson
you